TCLOUD-4137: Use JWT for authorization with proxy to avoid cookie problems (#3)
tinymce/openai-proxy-reference-implementation: docs/docs.md

| line(s)                                     | purpose                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | [Line 6](../config/webapp.rego#L6)   | Reads the environment variable `EXAMPLE_APP_JWT_SECRET` into a variable with the default value `"Default JWT secret"`. The same default is used on the example app for ease of configuration but in a production quality application this should always be set from the environment variable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Line 6](../config/webapp.rego#L6)   | Reads the environment variable, `EXAMPLE_APP_JWT_SECRET`, into a variable with the default value `"Default JWT secret"`. The same default is used on the example app for ease of configuration. In a production quality application, however, this should always be set from the environment variable. |
```
Two copy-edits:
* delimit the variable name with commas (ie, treat it as a parenthetical).
* restructured the 2nd sentence:
	* removed the conjunction, _but_;
	* turned the two independent clauses into sentences
	* added _however_ to function as a conjunctive adverb (ie, to explicitly express the implicit function provided by _but_).

## Component 3: the integrator authentication endpoint

> The nodejs server provides an [`/jsonwebtoken`](../example-app/index.js#L57) endpoint which can be used to generate a signed JSON Web Token authorizing the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nodejs server provides a [`/jsonwebtoken`](../example-app/index.js#L57) endpoint which can be used to generate a signed JSON Web Token authorizing the request.
```

Pronoun copy-edit: the following word now begins with a consonant sound, so the pronoun loses the final _n_ character.

This is called by the example-app and then included in the `authorization` header
with the request to the envoy proxy.

> The envoy proxy then [validates this JWT](../config/webapp.rego#L25) as part of
> the request processing to ensure that the caller is authorized before forwarding
> the request to OpenAI.
> 
> This could also be implemented by passing the session cookie to the proxy and
> having the proxy call the `/authenticated` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The envoy proxy then [validates this JWT](../config/webapp.rego#L25) as part of
the request processing. This ensures the caller is authorized before forwarding
the request to OpenAI.

Alternatively, implement this by passing the session cookie to the proxy and
having the proxy call the `/authenticated` endpoint.
```
1. Divided independent clauses into sentences.
2. Switched from adverbial preposition, _to_, to referent pronoun, _This_, in the process.
3. Edited following sentence to avoid starting two sentences with a referent pronoun.

> In this example application, this authentication component has been simplified 
> to illustrate the allow and reject states, for example a dummy database with
> hardcoded credentials is used instead of a real database and the JWT is signed
> with a shared secret rather than a public/private certificate pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example application, the authentication component has been simplified to
illustrate the allow and reject states. For example, a dummy database with
hardcoded credentials is used instead of a real database. As well, the JWT is
signed with a shared secret rather than a public/private certificate pair.
```
1. s/this/the/ — switched to a more direct referent pronoun.
2. Divided the three independent clauses into sentences.
